# OrbitTheory
Orbit Theory of Natural Numbers
This is a library of C++ programs and functions for the study of Orbit Theory. Computers are an essential tool in today’s world and in the study of Mathematics, it is no difference. The programming language of C++ has been chosen for its transferability to other platforms and computers. These programs were developed using Embarcadero’s Dev C++ tool that allows the compiling and testing of the programs. Most of the programs are very straight-forward with minimal user interface. Output can be copied and transferred to other tools such as Microsoft Excel.
The programs were developed on an Intel® Core™ i7-5500U CPU @ 2.40 GHz under a Windows 10 Version 21H1 operating system. The C++ programs have been compiled using Embarcadero Version 6.3 Dev C++ environment.
The library was put together during the research period 2022 and 2023 in developing the principles of Orbit Theory put forth in Volume I and II. The functionality of these programs is based upon the upon the concepts of Orbit Theory. Understanding of much of the code requires the knowledge of Orbit Theory presented in the first two Volumes. For instance, many of the programs use the Staircase Search in testing for a prime number, an algorithm presented in Volume I that uses only addition in its determination of Primality.  Because of the transportability of C++, other computers may get better precision and performance. 
This is a living document, providing code for over 100 programs, in a wide variety of Orbit Theory areas. Each program has a minimal description, then the code, followed by a sample output. In printed form, this serves only as documentation at the point-in-time of the publication date. The most recent edition of the entire book can be downloaded from my webpage on Academia.edu at https://alanverdegraal.academia.edu/research, which may include additional programs as they are developed. 
These programs are available for anyone to use and modify for use based upon the MIT License for public use. No warranty is made for any bugs or errors that might be found in the code. Any publication of this code requires an acknowledgement.
Alan Verdegraal
October 10, 2023
